and the green flag flies we're going to
set look at Jimmy he cannot
because Biffle can't get up to speed
yeah and you got a bunch of cars coming
home tires behind
one of those down on the inside Jamie
already and passing him up side by side
for the lead also tuned and Harvick down
low we're going to go three wide and
look at remember the lady battle for the
lead up front
Hamlin Kenseth going after each other
next time by two laps remaining Hamlin
oh so desperate what's that though he's
the end pieces he's gonna make the
basket in the one near Kansas
got it matt kenseth you're ready sweeter
kids with ran out of room off a to your
gums
you guys hungry for wins
Kenseth is one of them Marc Maron's
another
the greg biffle who once win number 20
on the 2010 white flag out one lap to go
right now it's happening
exposition Jimmie Johnson's all the way
back in 10th the points are going to
change coming down the backstretch the
last time Jimmie Johnson was not the
point leader following race number seven
in the chips
and we've only got two powders into
those you
and Denny Hamlin is going to make a
statement saying if the driver you're
gonna have come through me
five cars in that Lex Jimmy Johnson just
barely
we have got a new championship race
leader and his name